What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When you initialize a repository you are setting up the directory to be used as a repository
to track changes and commits. I need to run the git init command to create the
.git file so the system will know the files in the directory are going to be included in the repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is different from the working directory and the repository in that the staged files are a copy of what is in the working directory but have not been committed to the repository. 
The value of staged files allows you or others to review them before actually committing them to the repository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
After making the necessary changes and running git add <file_name>then running git status will show me what I files I have have staged and ready to be committed. This will help me identify that the files being committed are for one logical change. 

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Branches are helpfull after a site or application is put into production. Branches help keep track of the changes inthe event you want to roll back to an earlier version of the code. 
Braches would be helpful when adding new functionality to a website or an application that was previously developed and put into prodcution.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
It helped me see how everything is connected.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
The result of merging two branches together makes commits from both branches reachable by the new merged branch. Not sure what is meant by why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do? The merged branches are now a new tip of both branches.