When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
I would want to use a remote repository while working on a project with multiple people.
Another reason to keep a remote repository would be to allow me to work on my project if my
personal machine was not available or if something happened to it. The remote repository would
allow me to continue working on the project.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date
with your remote repository?
I would want to pull changes manually because I may have made changes locally that are not on the remote and if Git automatically pulled from the remote it would erase changes I have made since the last commit?

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Forks are used to clone someones work on github. The fork will not make changes to the original authors work. The fork allows me to modify the code to my liking while showing the author. Cloning a repository makes a copy of a repository and places it on my local machine. Making changes locally and pushing back to the remote. A branch is say an enhancement off of the Master in the repository. I would make a branch if I wanted to add some changes to the master after the project has been finished. Mulitple users can make a branch off the master and work on different parts of a project then merge them together for a finished project.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
The benefit would be the ability to work on the files if there was no internet connection... God Forbid.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Collaboration without Git or Github would be a nightmare. I think it would require passing large files back and forth
between collaborators and something is bound to get messed up. Using Git and GitHub makes this process much easier
in that you can make changes and submit a pull request to have the changes reviewed by the other collaborators on the project.
